README.md, before:

# :sparkles:Overview

An unofficial Google Chrome extension designed to streamline your attendance management service [Jobcan](https://jobcan.ne.jp/) by [DONUTS Inc.](https://www.donuts.ne.jp/).Inc..

## :rocket: Features

- :calendar: Simplified Time Management:  
  Effortlessly keep track of your man-hour management pages for the entire year and specific months.
  
- :robot: Automation at Your Fingertips:  
  Automatically inputs project names, tasks, and man-hours. Just set your Project and Task to get started.

## :book: How to Use

1. Go to the [Releases](https://github.com/dcom-kishi/jobcan-chrome-extensions/releases) page and download the latest `jobcan-chrome-extensions.zip`. Extract the contents.

2. Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`.

3. Enable Developer Mode in the top-right corner.

4. Click on `Load unpacked` and select the directory where you extracted `jobcan-chrome-extensions.zip`.

5. The extension is now ready to use!

## :speech_balloon: Support & Feedback

Have questions, suggestions, or feedback? We’d love to hear from you! Reach out to us at [kishi](https://github.com/dcom-kishi).

## :scroll: License

This project leverages open-source software:

- :art: [Material Design Icons](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons) — Licensed under the [Apache-2.0 License](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons?tab=Apache-2.0-1-ov-file).

Commit message:

feat: Rename extension to "Jobcan Easy Man-hours Entry" and update related files

README.md, after:

# :sparkles: Jobcan Easy Man-hours Entry

An unofficial Google Chrome extension designed to streamline your attendance management service [Jobcan](https://jobcan.ne.jp/) by [DONUTS Inc.](https://www.donuts.ne.jp/).Inc..

## :rocket: Features

- :calendar: Easy tracking on man-hours management pages:  
  Effortlessly keep track of your man-hours management pages for the entire year and specific months.
- :robot: Easy enter man-hours:  
  Automatically inputs project names, tasks, and man-hours. Just set your Project and Task to get started.

## :book: How to Use

1. Go to the [Releases](https://github.com/dcom-kishi/jobcan-easy-man-hours-entry/releases) page and download the latest `jobcan-easy-man-hours-entry.zip`. Extract the contents.

2. Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`.

3. Enable Developer Mode in the top-right corner.

4. Click on `Load unpacked` and select the directory where you extracted `jobcan-easy-man-hours-entry.zip`.

5. The extension is now ready to use!

## :speech_balloon: Support & Feedback

Have questions, suggestions, or feedback? We’d love to hear from you! Reach out to us at [kishi](https://github.com/dcom-kishi).

## :scroll: License

This project leverages open-source software:

- :art: [Material Design Icons](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons) — Licensed under the [Apache-2.0 License](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons?tab=Apache-2.0-1-ov-file).
